README.md, before:

# Doki Doki LifeTimes

This serves as the official Github repo for Doki Doki LifeTimes, an upcoming DDLC mod worked on by Nexint. We're still in our early stages, so issues will be present in the mod and characters may not act like themselves. Feedback is appreciated on this actively developing mod!

# Disclaimer
- This mod does not claim to replace DDLC in any way, shape or form. This mod assumes you have played through the original game, and may contain spoilers for DDLC.
- DDLC files are required to play this mod. You may download DDLC at https://ddlc.moe/.
- This mod is free forever, and (currently) open source.
- This mod was made possible with GanstaKingofSA's Doki Doki Mod Maker.

# Jist:

You’ve only seen one side of the DDLC cast. What will you do when you’re with them for their entire life? Will you make the right choices? Can you change their future, and maybe, see a whole new reality with your favorite Doki? This mod promises to bring the Dokis into multiple fleshed out arcs, with each Doki having a lifetime to last!

# Plans for the mod:
- The MC's personality changes as you are given options. Notable shift involves the American shift early into the game, triggered by using the American route.
- Each character will have a positive, negative and date route.
- Make neutral routes (where you don't date any character).
- Expand on Wallace's routes and implement more Wallace into the mod.
- Implement Koto as a background character to give this universe more life.

**Quirks:**

- Tragic routes are possible, where some of the dokis die. All tragic routes are avoidable in this mod though, and there are good endings for each Doki!
- Adding onto this: If a doki dies, the lifetime continues without them. The clear exceptions are humorous routes (like the American ending).
- Marrying one of the dokis (and more!) is possible in the final release of this mod. However, that may not happen for a while.
- There will be no harems in this mod (as in, you can't date all of the Dokis at once). The neutral route serves as a middle ground, where you're friends with all the dokis. (Sayori is canonically monogamous in the official game.)
- As the mod runs in VM3 (simulation), you're able to see other POV's and understand each of the characters from their own perspectives.

# Copyright / IP Guidelines Issues:
- Contact CircularSpace@proton.me if there are any copyright issues in this mod, and I will try to resolve them as fast as I can. (Suggested method of communication!)
- Alternate E-mail: Nexint@proton.me
- Contact @Nexint on Discord for any questions about this mod, issues, and feedback. I'll reply as soon as I can!

# Additional notes:
- I've open sourced this project and released what I had in order to show that mod development is ongoing. This mod is not ready for public release, and still uses plenty of placeholders.
- Contact me if you would like to join the development team! Currently looking for artists and writers to help with mod progression.
- *I may eventually drop development on this mod, and if I do so, you may fork this project and continue it yourself.*

# Credits (Additional credits in credits.txt)
- Some ideas inspired from Doki Doki True World, Doki Doki Thot Club, and others.
- uiGalaxy helped with humorous route ideas! (American Route, Breaking Kneecaps, etc)

Commit message:

0.2.0-"Reworked"-Experimental
Experimental rewrite to most of the Doki Doki LifeTimes code. Once rewrite is finalized, pushing to main branch.

README.md, after:

# Doki Doki LifeTimes

This serves as the official Github repo for Doki Doki LifeTimes, an upcoming DDLC mod worked on by Nexint. We're still in our early stages, so issues will be present in the mod and characters may not act like themselves. Feedback is appreciated on this actively developing mod!

# Disclaimer
- **This mod is currently being rewritten from the ground up. The generic story stays the same, the characters act the same, but the interactions make a lot more sense in this mod.**
- This mod does not claim to replace DDLC in any way, shape or form. This mod assumes you have played through the original game, and may contain spoilers for DDLC.
- DDLC files are required to play this mod. You may download DDLC at https://ddlc.moe/.
- This mod is free forever, and (currently) open source. Only my assets in this mod are free to use, and other assets are under the authors terms.
- This mod was made possible with GanstaKingofSA's Doki Doki Mod Maker.

# Jist:

You’ve only seen one side of the DDLC cast. What will you do when you’re with them for their entire life? Will you make the right choices?

This mod takes place in a post-libitina simulation, where each of the Dokis are free from the horrors that plagued them in the past. As you still don't know any of the dokis, you can get to know each of the Dokis under a new perspective, experience lifetimes with them, and maybe, escape to the physical world with the Dokis.

# Plans for the mod:
- The MC's personality changes as you are given options. Notable shift involves the American shift early into the game, triggered by using the American route.
- Each character will have a positive, negative and date route.
- Make neutral routes (where you don't date any character).
- Expand on Wallace's routes and implement more Wallace into the mod.
- Implement Koto as a background character to give this universe more life.

**Quirks:**

- Tragic routes are possible, where some of the dokis die. All tragic routes are avoidable in this mod though, and there are good endings for each Doki!
- Adding onto this: If a doki dies, the lifetime continues without them. The clear exceptions are humorous routes (like the American ending).
- Marrying one of the dokis (and more!) is possible in the final release of this mod. However, that may not happen for a while.
- There will be no harems in this mod (as in, you can't date all of the Dokis at once). The neutral route serves as a middle ground, where you're friends with all the dokis. (Sayori is canonically monogamous in the official game.)
- As the mod runs in VM3 (simulation), you're able to see other POV's and understand each of the characters from their own perspectives. The MC will continue with your personality, till you return back to the MC.

# Copyright / IP Guidelines Issues:
- Contact CircularSpace@proton.me if there are any copyright issues in this mod, and I will try to resolve them as fast as I can. (Suggested method of communication!)
- Alternate E-mail: Nexint@proton.me
- Contact @Nexint on Discord for any questions about this mod, issues, and feedback. I'll reply as soon as I can!

# Additional notes:
- I've open sourced this project and released what I had in order to show that mod development is ongoing. This mod is not ready for public release, and still uses plenty of placeholders.
- Contact me if you would like to join the development team! Currently looking for artists and writers to help with mod progression.
- *I may eventually drop development on this mod, and if I do so, you may fork this project and continue it yourself.*

# Credits (Additional credits in credits.txt)
- Some ideas inspired from Doki Doki True World, Doki Doki Thot Club, and others.
- uiGalaxy helped with humorous route ideas! (American Route, Breaking Kneecaps, etc)
